[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com
type = PO

[tine20.Tinebase]
file_filter = Tinebase/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Tinebase/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.Calendar]
file_filter = Calendar/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Calendar/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.ActiveSync]
file_filter = ActiveSync/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = ActiveSync/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.Addressbook]
file_filter = Addressbook/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Addressbook/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.Admin]
file_filter = Admin/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Admin/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.Courses]
file_filter = Courses/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Courses/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.Crm]
file_filter = Crm/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Crm/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.Felamimail]
file_filter = Felamimail/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Felamimail/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.Filemanager]
file_filter = Filemanager/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Filemanager/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.Projects]
file_filter = Projects/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Projects/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.Sales]
file_filter = Sales/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Sales/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.Setup]
file_filter = Setup/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Setup/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.SimpleFAQ]
file_filter = SimpleFAQ/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = SimpleFAQ/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.Tasks]
file_filter = Tasks/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Tasks/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.Timetracker]
file_filter = Timetracker/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Timetracker/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.HumanResources]
file_filter = HumanResources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = HumanResources/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

[tine20.Inventory]
file_filter = Inventory/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = Inventory/translations/template.pot
source_lang = en

